---
title: "Phishing Awareness"
date: 2025-03-30
permalink: /projects/2025/03/Phishing/
tags:
  - Awareness 
  - cybersecurity
---

This project simulates a phishing attack using a fake login page designed to steal user credentials. The page, created with Apache and PHP, captures login details entered by users. SEToolkit is used to send phishing links, luring victims to the fake page. Hosted on Azure, the project demonstrates how attackers deploy malicious sites using cloud hosting. It highlights the dangers of phishing and the importance of awareness in protecting sensitive information.

## Phishing Awareness - Fake Page Simulation Using Apache, PHP, Azure & SEToolkit


## Links to Pages
- [fake page phishing simulation with Azure](https://github.com/Kibble7/cybersocialdefend/blob/main/fakepagePhishingSimulationAzure.md) - Fake page phishing simulation using Apache, PHP script in Azure VM.
- [fake page phishing simulation with setoolkit](https://github.com/Kibble7/cybersocialdefend/blob/main/fakePhishingSimulationSetoolkit.md) - Fake page phishing simulation with Setoolkit & Apache.

## How to Stay Safe Against Phishing

- **Enable Multi-Factor Authentication (MFA)**: Adds an extra layer of security to your accounts.
- **Educate Yourself and Others**: Conduct regular training to recognize phishing attempts.
- **Use Email Filters**: Block suspicious emails before they reach your inbox.
- **Verify Requests**: Always double-check requests for sensitive information through another communication channel.
- **Keep Software Updated**: Ensure your systems have the latest security patches.

## What If You’ve Been Targeted

- Do not interact with the email further.
- Report the phishing attempt to your IT or security team.
- Change your passwords immediately if you suspect your credentials have been compromised.
- Monitor your accounts for any unauthorized activity.
